[00:00] Yeah, okay. Welcome, Emma, to this transcription of our interface. For the first task, we would like you to log in with a registered nickname. So please, go ahead. The first thing I see is I see the website in the background, and then there is this pop-up in the middle. So I'm just going to write a temporary nickname.

[00:28] And my first task is to log in. So I'm looking around for a login button. It's in the upper right corner, which is very easy to find. So I log in with my username and my password. And there's this pop-up that comes up. So it's quite intuitive where I'm supposed to click. So I'm logging in now. And, yeah.

[00:57] There's a pop-up with changing my... my code no i'm just going to click away so yeah i'm on a website it's very bright it's quite nice to look at there's a lot of nice colors it's blending together and so yeah what's the next thing um now we would like you to join uh the chat room called general all right um so i'm looking for chat rooms and one of the first things i saw when opening was this wheel in the corner

[01:25] with a lot of different uh words on it one of them being general so i'm gonna click where it says general there's a few things popping up one is a message that said uh tumblr so that's my uh my name um join the general chat and then there's some chats that's gonna pop up okay that's for people who joined and left the room all right um i see a uh this up here which is i don't

[01:55] know it yeah it makes sense so i'm inside the room now okay um Okay, now we would like you to post a message in the general chat room. Okay, in the bottom there's an input bar.

[02:09] I'm just going to write hi.

[02:14] There is no send button, so I'm just going to click enter because I know that's sometimes what you can do. Yeah, the message is there. Okay, now we would like you to join the chat room called random. Random? All right, I just go to the same wheel with the different chat rooms. Oh, I accidentally clicked on something. I don't know if I should log out. There's a cross in the bottom.

[02:41] All right, I click on random, and yes, it looks the same as what happened when I joined general. Now we would like you to post a message in random with various types of formatting, including bold. Metallic and underline. Okay, so I go to the same input. All right, so I go to the same input. Input box, there is in the bottom. The location is the same. So I just write

[03:05] some messages, I write hello again. And there's some letters by the left side, so I'm just gonna click on bold for example and then write. I don't know if I clicked it well or I did. If I want italic, I'll click on the I and then I can underline. And now I have all of them at the same time.

[03:33] And now I misspelled underline, but that's, yeah, I sent it. Okay, and now we would like you to join the chat room called news. News, okay. I go to the wheel again and click on news. And the pop-up comes up in the middle between the two others. Okay, yeah, I'm in a news chat room and there's already some messages here.

[03:59] All right, and now we would like you to navigate to a link from a news message. All right, there's a lot of pop-ups here, so I'll just click one of the links and I am sent to a New York Times website. Okay, now we would like you to leave the news chat room. Okay, I'm just gonna go out of this news thing.

[04:24] Okay, so in the top of the screen there's these, what do you say in English? Tabs. Tabs with this cross button on it that's changing color while I'm hovering over, so it looks like I can click it. And I'm just gonna do that and I left the room. Yeah, so now there's only general and random in the top bar. Now we would like you to go back to the general chat room. Okay.

[04:53] I'm just gonna go out of this news thing. I click on the tab and I'm in. Okay. Okay. And lastly, we would like you to post a message in the general chat room.

[05:06] I'm just going to do what I did before. Go to the bar in the bottom and write hello again. And now it's back. Oh, and I can see my old message is still there.

[05:18] All right.

[05:21] That is it. Any final thoughts? I don't know. It's pretty. It was quite intuitive, I think. I didn't really get surprised other than the login thing, I guess. But it's not really intended. Okay, great. Thank you.
